https://codepen.io/victoriatrac/pen/bGevLPx


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	HTML tags with meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	Structures a webpage
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	HTML attributes further define tags. They go within the tag after the element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The main header of a page - once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	Anchor, image
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	data about the page - title, reference to style sheet, etc.
    7. What is an id? 
	A way to reference a particular section of HTML from CSS
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Pretty much anything
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	once
    10. What is a class? 
	A way to reference sections of HTML from CSS
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	pretty much anything
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	as many as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	target="_blank" inside of anchor tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	Provides info about image in case the image can't be viewed
    15. How do I reference an id?
	with a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Section is semantic, div is not
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	To add color, basic effects, etc. to HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	class can be used multiple times, id can only be used once. use class to select and modify all h2's on a page, or id to select one particular h2
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
	selects all children of an element; when you only need to select paragraphs within a div, for example 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	.sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	chooses a state of an element such as hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	* {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm - permanently deletes
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	allows you to backtrack to past versions if needed
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	whenever you finish a part or solve a problem
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push -u origin 'name'
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	fork, clone, branch, make changes, commit, push, pull request, merge

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	inline is on one line, block breaks up onto multiple lines
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	placement is positioned relative to origin point (0,0)
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	margin auto
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	p, div, hr
	span, a
	img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
	wording is confusing here ----
	full size of an element includes padding, borders, margins in addition to width and height